Doc: Clarify table properties on metadata metrics inferred column defaults (#9865)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/configuration.md

| write.orc.bloom.filter.fpp                           | 0.05                        | False positive probability for Bloom filter (must > 0.0 and < 1.0)                                                                                                                                |
| write.location-provider.impl                         | null                        | Optional custom implementation for LocationProvider                                                                                                                                               |
| write.metadata.compression-codec                     | none                        | Metadata compression codec; none or gzip                                                                                                                                                          |

> | write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of top level columns for which metrics are collected. Number of stored metrics can be higher than this limit for table with nested schema                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of top level columns for which metrics are collected. Number of stored metrics can be higher than this limit for a table with nested fields                                         |
```

> | write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of top level columns for which metrics are collected. Number of stored metrics can be higher than this limit for a table with nested fields                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of top level columns for which metrics are collected. Number of stored metrics can be higher than this limit for a table with nested fields                            |
```
